We have come to the end of our lesson,
on the human capital of data science.
We have discussed organizational models,
and how the data science function might be organized within the company.
We've talked about identifying stakeholders and building momentum,
as well as building the bench of data science professionals.
We've discussed how to find the right people for
your data science team and how to configure that team using the data science heatmap.
Once we have the people on board,
we need to have a process by which they carry out data science projects.
To this end, we have discussed product management frameworks,
such as Agile, Waterfall,
and combinations of these methods.
These will help structure your day-to-day activities,
as you execute a data science initiative.
We moved on to discussing tools for structured problem solving,
as well as Minto's and Schramm's frameworks,
for synthesizing with actionable insights and storytelling with data.
Finally, we shared commandments for fostering a data-driven culture.
Something that is key to an organization's ability to truly become data-driven.
In the next lesson, we will discuss the technological infrastructure,
that needs to be put in place to support data science initiatives.
I look forward to seeing you there.